Social Equality Justice day is a day recognizing the need to promote efforts to
tackle issues such as poverty, exclusion and unemployment. Many organizations,
including the UN and the International Labour Office, make statements on the 
importance of social justice for people. Many organizations also present plans 
for greater social justice by tackling poverty, social and economic exclusion 
and unemployment. The United Nations General Assembly has decided to observe 20
February annually, approved on 26 November 2007 and starting in 2009, as the 
World Day of Social Justice.[1]
As recognized by the World Summit, social development aims at social justice, 
solidarity, harmony and equality within and among countries and social justice,
equality and equity constitute the fundamental values of all societies. To 
achieve “a society for all” governments made a commitment to the creation of a
framework for action to promote social justice at national, regional and inte
rnational levels. They also pledged to promote the equitable distribution of i
ncome and greater access to resources through equity and equality and opportun
ity for all. The governments recognized as well that economic growth should pr
omote equity and social justice and that “a society for all” must be based on 
social justice and respect for all human rights and fundamental freedoms.Socia
ljustice is an underlying principle for peaceful and prosperous coexistence w
ithin and among nations. We uphold the principles of social justice when we pr
omote gender equality or the rights ofindigenous peoples and migrants. We adva
nce social justice when we remove barriers that people face because of gender,
 age, race, ethnicity, religion, culture or disability.